1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* is expression
'hello' is values
-87.8 is expression
- is expression
/ is expression
+ is expression
6 is values

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans: String is a sequence of characters and it is a data type. 
While variable is a memory location that stores data.

3. Describe three different data types.
Ans: Text Type:	str --> used to define text.
Numeric Types:	int, float, complex --> used to define integer value, decimal value and complex numbers respectively.
Boolean Type:	bool --> used to define true or false value.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans: Expression is made up of values and mathematical operators. These are used to perform particular mathematical operation.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans: Expression perform an operation and gives some output. Whereas statement is used to define a variable and assign a value to it.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans: bacon will contain 22 only.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Ans: print('spam' + 'spamspam')  #spamspamspam
print('spam' * 3) #spamspamspam

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans: Rules for variables:
i. A variable name must start with a letter or the underscore.
ii. A variable name cannot start with a number.
iii. Variable names are case-sensitive.
According to above rules, eggs is a valid variable but 100 is not.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Ans: For integer value: int()
For Floating-point number: float()
For string : str()


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
Ans: TypeError: can only concatenate str (not "int") to str
So, we have to convert 99 to string value.
#Solution:
print('I have eaten ' + '99' + ' burritos.')
print('I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.')
